
#Defining the world around the ridge with air in it
s:Ge/Ridgefilter/Material  = "Air"
s:Ge/Ridgefilter/Type = "TsBox"
d:Ge/Ridgefilter/HLX       = 20.0 cm
d:Ge/Ridgefilter/HLY       = 20.0 cm
d:Ge/Ridgefilter/HLZ       = 4.0 cm
s:Ge/Ridgefilter/parent = "World"

#Defining single ridge pin
s:Ge/RidgePin/Parent = "Ridgefilter"
s:Ge/RidgePin/Material= "G4_WATER"
s:Ge/RidgePin/Type = "TsRidgepin"
s:Ge/RidgePin/DrawingStyle = "Solid"
d:Ge/Ridgepin/RidgepinMaxHeight = 30 mm
d:Ge/Ridgepin/RidgepinSpacing = 3 mm
dv:Ge/Ridgepin/RidgepinWidths =5 3.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.2 mm
i:ge/Ridgepin/RidgepinElements = 5
i:Ge/Ridgepin/RidgeFilterNumberOfPinsX = 2
i:Ge/Ridgepin/RidgeFilterNumberOfPinsY = 2
d:Ge/Ridgepin/RidgeFilterBaseHeight = 5 mm
d:Ge/RidgePin/RidgepinBaseWidth = 3 mm

#Graphics bit
s:Gr/ViewA/Type              = "OpenGL"
b:Gr/ViewA/IncludeAxes = "False"
d:Gr/ViewA/AxesSize = 4. cm
Ts/UseQt = "True"